feat(project): add stylelint-plugin-carbon-tokens package (#6799)
carbon-design-system/carbon: packages/stylelint-plugin-carbon-tokens/src/rules/type-token-use/README.md

# Type Token Use

> This rule is intended enfoce use of Carbon type tokens, functions, mixins and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule is intended to enforce the use of Carbon type tokens, functions, mixins and
```

Author: Agreed and updated.
